[THEME MUSIC]
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
Georgina Cannon
has facilitated thousands
of past life regressions
throughout her career,
and has written
a book titled "Return Again"
to help people find deeper
understanding of this life.
She's with us today to speak
about the value of exploring
past, and interlife
experiences, right
on through our relationships
with one another.
Welcome, Georgina.
>>GEORGINA CANNON: Thank you.
>>REGINA: I really like
your personal story.
I found it very engaging at
the beginning of the book.
And for you, this entire
journey started with headaches.
Let's talk about that.
>>GEORGINA: Yes.
I used to have
terrible migraines--
really awful migraines.
They were so debilitating,
I couldn't go into work.
And I had a career, and so
you had to go in, but I just
couldn't.
And when I was learning
past life regression,
it was really interesting.
I asked the person that was
working with me, the student,
to take me through to the place
where my migraines started.
We thought we'd try.
We didn't know it was
going to work or not.
>>REGINA: You were thinking
in this life or another life?
>>GEORGINA: Didn't matter.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Just take you back to a time.
>>GEORGINA: Take me back
and see where it goes.
So we went back, and
suddenly I could smell
this putrid, disgusting smell.
And I realized it was me.
I had this vision
of this old hag
with stringy hair,
virtually no teeth.
I think I had this one
sort of hanging down here.
And I could smell myself.
It was really awful.
I probably was about 30 years
old, but looked like 130.
And what happened was
I was living in a cave,
and my role was in the village,
just where the cave is.
My responsibility was to
help people give birth,
or abortions, or
whatever was needed
for the women in the group.
But because I was considered a
witch, they wouldn't feed me.
They wouldn't give me money.
They only called me
when they needed me.
So I would go down there.
And one day I was called down
to help a woman give birth,
and during that
birth she bled out.
It was a very difficult birth,
and she bled out and she died,
and her baby died as well.
It was a young son.
And of course, I had to bury
them and do everything and make
it all tidy and neat.
Went back exhausted to
my cave, fell asleep.
And next thing I know I'm being
kicked awake by this man who
was a husband,
and he'd obviously
been drinking something.
And he was furious,
and he was drunk,
and he started to beat me up.
And then he picked up this
rock and smashed it right here
on the side of my head where
I used to get my migraines.
And the facilitator,
smart enough,
did the healing and the
forgiveness and all the work
that we do in past
life regression
to get rid of that
sort of thing.
And came out of there and
waited to get another migraine
and never had another one.
And that's now 19 years ago.
>>REGINA: Yeah, I
mean I love regression
work for this very reason.
That's beautiful.
Let's go to earlier
in this lifetime.
>>GEORGINA: Yes.
>>REGINA: Because that's
the part I thought,
now why would you
have manifested
that in this lifetime
on a soul level?
Let's talk about your upbringing
and the head bashings and all,
because really, I was angry
when I read that part.
>>GEORGINA: Yes.
My upbringing wasn't
very pleasant.
I now know that my mother
was probably psychotic,
and there were times
in my early life--
in fact, I still have scars.
I don't tell many people
about this, just you.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
All of us.
>>GEORGINA: And she used
to grab me by the hair
and smash my head
against the wall,
and then she'd throw
me down the stairs.
And I was probably five,
six or seven at that time.
And she hit me right
up until the time
I first went to Canada.
>>REGINA: How old were you?
>>GEORGINA: I was 20 the
first time I went to Canada.
>>REGINA: She was
still hitting you?
>>GEORGINA: She was
still hitting me,
and I was terrified of her.
>>REGINA: I mean,
of course you would
be terrified of your mother.
How did this factor
in to that other life
where you were
bashed in the head?
Did you ever tie a thread
through all of this?
>>GEORGINA: Not at
that time I didn't.
But certainly, I now know
that we live in patterns.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GEORGINA: So if
we live in patterns,
and unless you clear it
up in this life, which
is what I've done, you're going
to come back and repeat it.
So why would I want to do that?
>>REGINA: Now, what
about your mother,
your situation with the mother?
Did you ever clear that?
>>GEORGINA: With her?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>GEORGINA: Couldn't
talk to her.
Once I left, just
couldn't talk to her.
She told me that I'd be no
good, I'd end up on the streets,
and who wants me anyway.
I'm stupid and ugly, and what
good are you, and all of that.
And you believe it.
That's the thing.
You believe it.
You grow up believing it.
>>REGINA: When you're told
that young, these things when
you're that young, of
course, you have no filters.
>>GEORGINA: No filters.
And also up until the age
of about eight or nine,
you don't even have a
cortex that's developed--
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>GEORGINA: --to
appreciate it or know it.
So you just believe it.
It becomes your truth.
So that's the work, of
course, in hypnosis.
As you know, when you do
that, you take a person back,
and you change that memory.
You change that decision that
they have that someone else
gave them, that label
that was given to them.
>>REGINA: And that's important
that you brought up the notion
that there are these
parallels that continue,
these patterns that continue
until they're broken.
And they could go on
for many lifetimes.
>>GEORGINA: Yes.
Yes.
They can go on for
many lifetimes.
They can also go on in many
relationships in this lifetime.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GEORGINA: So if people have
been a victim in a past life,
and they come in--
and victim as a slave, or
even a very wealthy woman
in Victorian times
who had no choices.
They come into this lifetime
as a family who makes
them a victim of some sort.
And then they choose partners
who become victim, victim,
victim, victim, all the way
along until they get it,
until they understand
that they have a pattern,
and we've got to do
something about it.
>>REGINA: Right.
And there was an emotional
component to that.
You were already an outcast
in the village, right?
>>GEORGINA: Yes.
>>REGINA: You were
already considered
less than nothing,
however they needed you
for this one specific function.
And now you had this incredible
venom directed at you as well.
So you were worthless
in that society.
>>GEORGINA: Um-hmm.
>>REGINA: And you were worthless
in your mother's eyes, too.
>>GEORGINA: Um-hmm.
And the other piece
that you're not aware of
is that when we
moved out of London,
we moved to a small village,
and we were the only
Jewish family in the village.
Family-- it was my sister,
and myself, and my mother,
because my mother had
thrown my father out.
She'd beaten him up
and thrown him out.
>>REGINA: Oh, goodness.
>>GEORGINA: It was charming.
>>REGINA: Too bad she
hadn't thrown you out.
You could have been
free of her earlier.
[LAUGHTER]
>>GEORGINA: And because we
were the only Jewish family
in the village, we were
treated a bit like pariahs.
So it was exactly the
same pattern repeated.
>>REGINA: This rejection.
>>GEORGINA: Yes, rejection.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Interesting.
>>GEORGINA: You don't belong.
>>REGINA: Right.
OK, so you figured
this out for yourself.
Your migraines went away.
You've gone on to do
thousands of regressions.
And I really want to pick up
the story where it begins,
which is when we make the--
Well, maybe a little
after it begins.
We'll get around to that--
when a person, a
being, entity, decides
to enter into our
physical lives.
And let's start with
the choice of parents.
>>GEORGINA: Yes.
The choice of
parents really come
from the understanding of what
it is you're here to learn.
The soul's lessons.
What you're here to learn.
So if you have to learn a
situation like humility,
for instance, you
might choose parents
that cause you to be humble.
And then in this
lifetime, you have
to learn that there's a
difference between humility
and being denigrated to nothing.
So you have to change the label.
You have to work with labeling.
And it's a really
interesting process,
because what we're doing
is working with people,
by and large, who
don't understand
the link between then and now.
Whether the then and now is in
a past life, or the then and now
is when you were in your
mother's womb, or at age two.
>>REGINA: Um-hmm.
>>GEORGINA: You've
still got to understand
that pattern and that link,
and then go back to the source
so that you get the story
and then take hold of it.
And don't live the story.
Live your life.
>>REGINA: Right.
So OK, let's start when the
soul actually physically
becomes connected with the body.
>>GEORGINA: Some people
believe that it happens
at the moment of conception.
Some people believe it
happens along the root,
once the soul has
decided to come in.
Sometimes it happens
at the moment of birth.
Sometimes it happens an hour
or two or 12 after birth.
And that's why the baby
may be born seemingly dead,
but they have to revive
it, and they do revive it,
and the soul decides, oh
well, I might as well.
>>REGINA: Yes.
I've been present
for a few births,
and I was doing
reflexology on the mother.
>>GEORGINA: Feet or the hand?
>>REGINA: The feet, yeah.
And using some understanding
of color therapy with it,
and it was very interesting.
But the point being that
once the baby arrived,
there is this thing
that people seem
to experience where there's
the body that's coming out,
but there's a still point
before this animation happens.
And the animation doesn't
even have to mean movement.
It's like a flush.
Something happens.
>>GEORGINA: It's an energy.
>>REGINA: And an energy,
and then boom, a new life
is in the world.
>>GEORGINA: Um-hmm.
>>REGINA: And that has
certainly, in my experience,
seems to be that the physical
joining is something's
definitely happening
at that point.
>>GEORGINA: Well,
it's like watching--
Palliative care
nurses will tell you
what that they see
the soul leave.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GEORGINA: You
feel it in the room.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GEORGINA: So the
soul decides to either
be in this house or not.
And that's really
what it's about.
>>REGINA: Right.
Let's talk about some of
the other aspects of soul,
and that has to do with--
say the mother has made--
Well, let's say the soul
has decided in utero,
it's changed its mind.
It doesn't want to take this
vehicle and this pathway.
And it happens a lot.
>>GEORGINA: Yes.
>>REGINA: I mean, my mentor, a
wonderful, wild Russian woman
who was 40 years older than me
years ago, my ballet teacher
had had several miscarriages
before she finally had a baby.
Well, and I can see
why they might have
changed their mind with her.
She wasn't the best mom.
Great friend and eccentric.
So let's talk about that.
>>GEORGINA: Sure.
It's really interesting because
what happens is the soul,
it suggested that
it's time to come in.
And the soul may say, yeah,
I guess I do have to go in.
I do have to learn to
be a hero, not a victim.
Yes, I do.
OK, OK.
I'll choose these things.
And then it gets into the
body, and it says, uh-uh,
changed my mind.
I'm out of here.
>>REGINA: What's the most
common time where that happens?
>>GEORGINA: Yes.
It can happen at three months.
It can happen at six
months, and nine months.
>>REGINA: So at the
end of the trimesters.
>>GEORGINA: End
of the trimester.
Even afterwards.
So there can be a 24-hour
turnaround when the soul may
come in, in the body.
The body is born.
And then it's here,
and it suddenly
thinks what the heck
am I doing here?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
What was I thinking.
>>GEORGINA: I want to go
home, and it goes home.
Talking about this is very
difficult, because as you know,
the grief that goes around
with this is unimaginable.
>>REGINA: Let's talk about
it from the other side then.
>>GEORGINA: The other side.
>>REGINA: So we have the
entity, the spirit's; the soul's
choice.
>>GEORGINA: Which has gone home.
It's happy.
>>REGINA: Which has gone home.
It's fine.
But you've vested a lot as
the mother or the parents
in this growing little baby.
>>GEORGINA: That's right.
And also the body's changed.
>>REGINA: And the
body's changed, yeah.
>>GEORGINA: So you're
dealing with the body changes
or the hormonal
changes and everything.
You're dealing
with expectations,
both of the mother and
the father and the family,
and the world around--
expectations.
And suddenly there's a vacuum,
like a black hole that's left.
And I wonder sometimes if
that's the purpose of that,
so that the person can
learn how to handle grief.
I'm not making light of it.
Please understand.
I'm not--
>>REGINA: No.
>>GEORGINA: This is so painful.
>>REGINA: But we're just
talking about it as it is.
>>GEORGINA: OK.
And if there's a way that
the woman and the father
can understand that
it's a soul choice,
it's nothing they did wrong.
>>REGINA: Right
>>GEORGINA: And
women particularly
are inclined to
take on that blame.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Did I not eat properly?
Did I do something wrong?
>>GEORGINA: I worked too hard.
I worked too long.
Whatever.
>>REGINA: But the
fact is human beings
have been around a long
time, and our bodies
have borne children under really
severe stresses and famines
and everything else.
I mean, if an entity wants
to come through, the fact
that you had a glass of
champagne or two the night
the baby was conceived,
it's not on that.
And I hear what you're saying.
I think it's very important
for the mother to realize this.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
And that for the
family to realize it's
nothing that you did
that caused this.
It was the soul's choice.
And you may feel bereft, as we
do when we lose any loved one,
but this is even worse because
the expectation around it's
so high.
But understand the soul
has gone home, and it's OK.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And one of the lines in your
book I thought was interesting.
The soul obviously has
access to knowledge
from the side it's on.
And it has made this
original agreement
to occupy this
vehicle, so to speak.
So it's looking at
it in a little bit
more pragmatic terms, but
this is what it said here.
It said, it's their
life and the life
must be most reasonably
manageable and achievable.
And that's a really
key sentence.
When the soul is
evaluating, even
in utero, what
they've gotten into,
can they really pull this off?
>>GEORGINA: Yeah,
are they ready?
Are they strong enough?
Have they learned
enough in the interlife?
Have they settled enough?
Have they gone
through enough wisdom?
Are they ready?
Or are they still too
bruised from before?
>>REGINA: And so now we're
going through the birth process,
we're here in the world.
And before we go into kind of
anecdotal experiences and such,
maybe toward the end we can
talk about that interlife period
between incarnations.
>>GEORGINA: Um-hmm.
>>REGINA: OK, we'll go
there in a little bit.
But let's go ahead and talk
about the guidance that's
happening with the
entity on the other side,
before they've
chosen to come in.
Now, the entity has a
choice, but they're also
working with guiding counsels
and such, prior to this, right?
And give us some experiences
that people have reflected back
on an interlife regression.
>>GEORGINA: Well, I always
equate the interlife
as you know when you
go into a graveyard
and you see gravestones, and
it says, Robert Brown, 1912 to,
dash, 19 whatever.
The interlife is the
dash between past lives.
So what happens between
those past lives?
Well, what happens is
the soul goes home.
And when the client
goes into the interlife,
it is so awe-inspiring and
so deeply moving, sometimes
they weep.
They're going home.
And there's nothing like it.
It's a feeling of completion.
It's a feeling of peace.
It's a feeling of
understanding and recognition
that we are truly so
much more than we seem.
Even though we've
said it before,
even though people that come
from past life sort of kind of
know it, the interlife
makes the difference,
because they then really get it.
And that's why we can connect.
That's why mediums
could connect because we
go to that same place.
We go home.
>>REGINA: And it can be
any number of experiences.
It can be a really
bizarre experience
to be in the interlife.
What do you call
that place that's
kind of just off this realm
where you're in between sleep
and wakefulness?
Not necessarily in
a regressed state,
where you can be in a field
of plaid or shining lights
or whatever.
What is that area within us?
Because that's a lot of times
where the inspirations and such
come true as well.
>>GEORGINA: Well, that's
the superconscious.
That's what I call
That a part of it.
It's just beyond
the subconscious
is the superconscious, just
before we go into that space.
And that's where we often
get our inspiration.
That's where we
get our creativity.
That's where we get our deep
wisdom and understanding.
That's where I believe that
the wisdom that's passed on
from generations is stored.
>>REGINA: Yes.
That makes total sense.
And a lot of people
call it Akashic records,
or you can call it a
lot of different things.
>>GEORGINA: Yes.
I think the Akashic records are
the library in the interlife.
But that space in
between is where
we go when we want
to recall something.
A lot of Aboriginal
tribes say that they
call on their ancestors.
That's where they go
when they get the wisdom
from their ancestors.
It's that space where all
knowledge and wisdom is stored.
That's the space.
I believe it's the
space just before.
It's like--
>>REGINA: That little
band in between
>>GEORGINA: --the
band in between.
>>REGINA: I would
agree with you on that.
So as we're incarnating,
we're coming into a family,
we've chosen these families
for a variety of reasons.
And there we can get into some
anecdotal information where
people have gone through,
or a couple of cases
you can think of maybe,
where people have gone
through the birth process,
very specifically choosing
those traits for that family
to express into the world.
Can you talk about
some of the decisions
people have had in their birth
process regressions and such?
>>GEORGINA: Sure.
And they're always
unhappily negative.
I mean, people don't come
because they're happy.
They don't come and
say, I'm really happy,
I've got a superb life.
Let's find out why.
>>REGINA: Well, it's true.
Whenever you talk about
people go through rebirthing
experiences or whatever, it's
like oh, they're hanging on
by their fingernails.
I don't want to do this.
>>GEORGINA: That's right.
Well, I have a
client who literally
went from one relationship
to another relationship
to another, and they were
all abusive in some way,
and they were all
addictive in some way.
And she didn't know why.
And she thought it
was a past life.
Now, sometimes it's past life.
And sometimes it isn't.
Sometimes it's to do with
patterning that they picked up
in this lifetime.
So I always clear
that first, because I
don't believe in
allowing my clients
to take what I call psychic
diversion or psychic bypass.
It's not always past life.
Sometimes it's what
happens in this life
and you've picked up a pattern.
So we do the exploration first.
And if it is past
life, then we go back.
So with this particular woman,
she ended up in a past life
where she was a slave.
And she was a slave,
an elite slave,
which meant she worked
in the house, which
meant she was at
the beck and call
of the master of the house, of
course, who would get drunk.
And she found her way out by
making this man so drunk--
she would encourage
him to drink--
that he became impotent.
So she never had to do anything.
I mean, she did
at the beginning,
but she learned
how to manage him.
She learned how to handle
him and make it work for her.
So what we did is we took that
piece of learning how to make
it work for you,
whatever the 'it' is--
>>REGINA: And in
this case, abuse.
>>GEORGINA: Abuse, right.
And bringing it into
your current life.
So she now was set up in this
current life to the first
moment she recognized the first
sign of abuse in her dating,
so if someone over-talked her,
or someone just became verbally
abusive in any way, or
even diminished her--
>>REGINA: Putting her down.
>>GEORGINA: Putting
her down, she
would learn-- she knew that she
had to take charge- and manage
it, and get out of there.
It was a big lesson for her.
And I don't believe
she would have got that
without that past life thing.
>>REGINA: I think you're right
because they're so visceral.
When you're in it, it's as
real as sitting here right now.
>>GEORGINA: Exactly.
Exactly.
So when people say, was that
really true or did I make it
up, which is a question
people always ask,
my answer is in
reality, does it matter?
Because as long as
you've got the wisdom,
and as long as you understand
the learning, and you get it,
my guess is that it's real.
But if you don't
think it's real,
you've got the information, what
are you going to do with it?
How are we going to
integrate that information
into your life?
>>REGINA: Right.
And that's a really
important thing
I think in regression work.
When I used to do
that for people
and assist them in regressions,
I used to tell them,
don't worry what story shows up.
Don't ask yourself
if this is real.
Because the fact is, your being
is presenting this story to you
for a reason,
whether it's literal
or whether it's a metaphor
for something really doesn't
matter.
That's the knowledge you need
to know about yourself anyway.
And then people can relax a
little bit, don't you find?
They just can relax then.
>>GEORGINA: Oh, I find once they
don't have to prove anything--
>>REGINA: Prove anything.
You don't have to give them the
address of your previous home
120 years ago.
>>GEORGINA: Although
we do do that, too.
>>REGINA: Yeah,
people do do that.
And I want to ask
about a couple of those
because that's
really interesting.
I love that.
The work of Carol Bowman,
"Children's Past Lives."
>>GEORGINA: Oh, her
work is brilliant.
>>REGINA: Ian Stevenson.
I love that.
>>GEORGINA: Yes
>>REGINA: So I just
wanted to toss out this,
because we incarnate
into a family
and we think oh, we've
got all their traits.
We're just a composite of them.
Edgar Casey's quote was, "You've
inherited most from yourself,
not from your family."
And I think, again, that's
really important to understand.
This is a sovereign experience.
You've chosen that family to
have an experience through,
but you're bringing you through.
>>GEORGINA: You're
bringing you through.
Having said that, and I
absolutely work that way,
I also work with clients
in DNA regression.
>>REGINA: OK, now, that's next.
Talk about it.
>>GEORGINA: Am I jumping ahead?
>>REGINA: No, no.
It's perfect.
>>GEORGINA: So with DNA
regression, supposing--
and this is exactly
what happened--
someone comes in and they
have terrible anger issues.
They don't where it comes from.
They come from a lovely family,
they believe it's all good,
and they don't know
how to handle it.
So I say, was anybody in your
family known for their rages?
Well, my grandfather
was known or whatever.
So let's go back, and we
do the DNA regression.
After we get into
visualize it and go back,
and decide not to take it on.
Change the decision at
the point of decision,
and change it to something
more manageable for you today.
Yes, you can maybe get
angry if it's appropriate,
or maybe you laugh,
or whatever it is.
It's your choice.
So make the choice at
that moment of decision
and change the decision.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GEORGINA: And sometimes we go
back five or six generations.
>>REGINA: Um-hmm.
And also my understanding is
that when people reincarnate,
they're often also
following DNA patterns that
are familiar to them.
So often you can incarnate
back into the same gene pool,
even into the same bloodline,
even into the same family.
>>GEORGINA: Yes.
>>REGINA: And so it's not really
that they're chasing genetics,
as much as the patterns that
have already been established,
and the relationships that
have already been established
are what people are coming back
into to maybe balance back out.
How do you describe that?
>>GEORGINA: They can
either choose to do that,
because, you know,
the soul has choice--
choose to do that to
show them the lesson.
It's almost like a soul
going [SHAKING FINGER],,
don't do that again.
Which is sort of funny.
Don't do that again.
I'm the soul.
So they choose to come back into
a familiar ethos, if you will,
a familiar environment.
>>REGINA: Similar opportunities.
>>GEORGINA: Similar
opportunities.
>>REGINA: Similar lessons.
>>GEORGINA: And maybe
even similar voices.
You know, the father has
the same type of voice,
or the father--
or whatever it is.
Similar voice, and
it feels familiar,
so they come on
in, it's familiar,
like a familiar coffee shop.
They go in, they check it
out, decide to take it,
and then the same
thing happens again.
So now, soul says, what are you
going to do about it this time?
Come on, what are you going
to do about it this time?
And if you don't listen,
guess what, you have
to come back and do it again.
So whether it go
through the DNA,
whether it go through the
soul, it's the same story.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GEORGINA: Yeah, same story.
>>REGINA: What about
situations where--
I'm going ask you about
your famous Cleopatra
client in a little bit.
>>GEORGINA: [LAUGH]
>>REGINA: But what about
the situations where people
come in, and often
may think that they
are someone recognizable
that's gone down in history.
But maybe they weren't
necessarily that person,
but what is it--
and they can recall
in detail even what
the household was like
and the players
and the feelings.
Get into that and maybe
give an example or two
of what they're
actually tapping into.
>>GEORGINA: What they're
tapping into is the,
I believe, the want or
the need to model what
they admire about that person.
We do it in our current
life, and there's
a part of us that wants
to be in a certain way,
a certain environment, a
certain behavior pattern.
It could be courage.
It could be intelligence.
So we choose to believe,
to imagine, to feel,
that we are them.
And that can be transferred
into the subconscious mind.
>>REGINA: What about
when they actually--
And I know a person
who is actually
high profile, so I don't want
to name names at this point.
But he has the knowledge
base of another person
that's very high
profile, that's dead--
long dead.
He has that knowledge.
He has a lot of
those remembrances.
>>GEORGINA: Remember that
narrow piece in between?
>>REGINA MEREDITH: Um-hmm.
>>GEORGINA: That's where all
the information is stored.
If you have the
ability to channel--
I won't use the word channel--
tap into it, bring it,
then you can call it down,
if the direction
is strong enough.
If you have that want and
that will strong enough,
you can call it down.
I have a friend who,
ever since she was tiny,
wanted to be a nurse.
And she read everything she
knew about Florence Nightingale,
and she believed she was
Florence Nightingale.
We haven't done a past
life, but maybe she was,
maybe she wasn't.
>>REGINA: Right.
And so in this sense,
if this person who
was fascinated
from the time they
were a little child with this
particular area of technology,
for example, has the ability
to a) invent technology
to begin with, so already
able to draw down.
>>GEORGINA: Yes.
And understand it.
>>REGINA: And they may be an
admirer of the contributions
of the person from before.
You're saying they go
into that space in between
and simply draw down the
actual thoughts and knowledge
and memories that were taking
place for that other person.
>>GEORGINA: Yes.
>>REGINA: And you can
feel like it is your own.
>>GEORGINA: It is your own.
We have to acknowledge
the fact that there
are teams of scientists
in Australia,
teams of scientists in Germany,
teams of scientists in North
America all working
on the same thing,
and they don't know they're
working on the same thing.
And they all come to the same
solution at the same time,
because it's here.
It's all there for us.
If we are driven
and we're focused,
then we know how to tap into it.
My belief system.
>>REGINA: That
makes perfect sense.
Before we go any
further, what was
it in you that started
giving validity
to the notion of past lives?
>>GEORGINA: I grew
up in England.
>>REGINA: That's true.
>>GEORGINA: So we
believe in ghosts,
and we believe that a fairy's
at the bottom of the garden.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>GEORGINA: And we believe
in goblins and all of that.
So I never didn't believe in it.
>>REGINA: I see.
OK.
>>GEORGINA: It's like auras.
I mean, I see auras,
and I never didn't
know that nobody else did
until I went to school.
And then, of course, you
go into the corporate world
and you learn to shut it
down because you can't say,
excuse me, but you're lying.
>>REGINA: Right, right.
>>GEORGINA: It doesn't
go down too well.
>>REGINA: I can see
it in your aura.
>>GEORGINA: Now I bring it
up again, so it's great.
>>REGINA: OK, let's
go to Cleopatra,
and let's go to these
archetypal famous,
famous lifetimes
that so many people--
I can't tell you how many
Mary Magdalenes I've met.
>>GEORGINA: Oh, really.
>>REGINA: I live
in Sedona, so you
meet a lot of Mary Magdalenes
and Jesus' and things
like that.
>>GEORGINA: They may
have been followers,
[INAUDIBLE] followers.
>>REGINA: And this is what I
wanted to get into as well.
That's true, they
may very well have
been there and
experienced a lot of it,
or been very close
to the person.
And then, as you say, have such
a deep admiration or respect
that you transfer over that
need into being that person.
Let's talk about your
client Cleopatra.
>>GEORGINA: I smile when I
think about her, because she
was so fervent,
and she showed up
in the clinic wearing
a necklace that
was sort of brass like this.
She had a headband on.
And her hair was sort
of down and dark.
And she carried herself--
>>REGINA: As a queen would.
>>GEORGINA: --as a queen.
And well, I know
I was Cleopatra,
but I just want
to experience it.
So I said, fine, OK.
Let's make sure that
we don't direct it.
Let's make sure that we go
wherever, because sometimes--
and I said this--
sometimes a soul takes
us where we need to go,
and we may end up there
or we may start there.
I don't know.
So let's just be clear.
OK, fine.
So she went through the hypnosis
process, except she didn't.
I mean you could see she was
moving, and you know this.
You can tell from the
face and everything.
I said, where are you now?
I'm in a barge.
And who are you with?
Well, my handmaidens, of course.
And were you going
to see Marc Antony?
And Marc Antony is?
And you see, I happen
to be a history buff,
so I know a bit
about this stuff.
And Marc Antony is?
Well, he's my lover, of course.
I said, oh.
And have you been married
or are you married?
No, no, no.
He's the only man in my life.
Now, you and I know that
she married her brother.
She was a busy lady.
>>REGINA: She was busy.
She had a lot of desires.
>>GEORGINA: A very busy woman.
She married her
brother, she married--
name gone out of my head--
Caesar.
>>REGINA: Caesar.
Yeah, I know I was
thinking Caesar.
>>GEORGINA: Caesar, yeah.
And she was busy.
>>REGINA: Right, she was busy.
>>GEORGINA: And I let
her live that through
because she needed to.
Then put her into the space
between lifetimes, and--
oh, by the way, I
forgot the piece.
When she came in, I said, do
you have any fears or phobias?
She said, yes, I have a
terrible fear of horses.
And I'm also frightened of fire.
She said, I don't
like fire at all.
I can't go to camp fires
and things like that.
Fine.
So we were in the space
between lifetimes,
and then she came in again,
and she was a pioneer woman
on a wagon train.
And the interesting thing was
her whole demeanor changed
and her voice changed.
She suddenly wasn't posing.
>>REGINA: Cleopatra anymore.
>>GEORGINA: She wasn't posing.
And her face went into
hypnosis, and you could
see her eyelids fluttering.
And she said, we're
on a wagon train
and we're going West,
my husband and I.
The children are in the back.
And she knew how many
there were in the train.
And suddenly they were attacked
by a band of native people
who set fire to the
wagons, and she could
hear the horses screaming.
There were tears
running down her face.
She was frightened, she could
hear the horses screaming.
And she died as a
captive in that raid.
And when she came out,
she was so stunned,
and she said, well,
what was that?
And I said, well,
that was past life.
Of course, we did all the
healing and the lessons
needed to learn.
We also got rid of
the fear of fire,
and we got rid of the fear of
horses, because that was then.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>GEORGINA: And she said,
well, what about Cleopatra?
And I said, well,
you know sometimes--
which is what we
talked about before--
sometimes because we admire
someone so much, we model them,
and we take on that
part of them that we
like to own for ourselves.
So she said, are you
telling me it's not true?
I said, no, it's not
what I'm telling you.
I'm telling you
for you it's true,
and for you it makes sense, and
for you it enhances your life
in some way that only you know.
But we know that this
pioneer woman is you.
And she was OK with that.
She was OK with that.
But the difference in
the two manifestations.
>>REGINA: One was
authentic and one was not.
As you say, it was posing.
>>GEORGINA: It was posing.
>>REGINA: Yeah--
>>GEORGINA: Determined.
>>REGINA: --a desire.
Yeah, it was the desire
more than anything.
What about people who have
been in the presence of others
who were in these prominent
positions of history?
Have you ever had
clients that perhaps
were the handmaiden to
Cleopatra and so forth?
>>GEORGINA: I'm
trying to remember.
I've done so many of them.
I'm trying to remember.
>>REGINA: Because
sometimes-- the reason
I ask while you're thinking
about it is history is written
by the victors, of course.
>>GEORGINA: Yes.
[INAUDIBLE]
>>REGINA: So we have
very, very-- in male,
we have very distorted history.
>>GEORGINA: And educated.
>>REGINA: Yeah, exactly.
And sometimes some of
the more reliable means
of piecing together what our
ancient history actually looked
like is through
regression work, which
I have a deep appreciation
for, especially where
groups of people--
people, I should
say individuals who
don't even know each other--
start giving glimpses of
the same story that emerges.
Have you ever experienced
anything like that
where unrelated clients
might be coming up
with something similar?
>>GEORGINA: I've had a few--
not few, maybe two
or three people--
who had been followers of
the man they called Jesus.
And the languaging is
very different to what we
experience in stories of Jesus.
Because he was a wanderer,
according to these people.
He was a wanderer that came
from a very small village.
And he was one of many
who did what he did.
And some-- I guess it was a bit
like the rock groups of those
days--
some people attach
to different people
through their personalities.
There was one woman who
was in love with him
because she saw him as--
But she followed him, and
she followed him from place
to place.
Sometimes they ate,
sometimes they didn't.
And she loved him.
She loved his gentleness
and his kindness,
and she loved the way he spoke.
So she was--
>>REGINA: And this was
an authentic experience
from all of the telltale
signs of regression.
>>GEORGINA: Yes.
>>REGINA: Yes.
But I've not got any
closer than that,
that I can remember right now.
If I went through
my notes, I might--
>>GEORGINA: Because
sometimes, like you said,
two or three people
that were followers.
>>GEORGINA: Yes.
>>REGINA: And if there were
any kind of like common themes
that come up out of that,
even with two or three people.
>>GEORGINA: Awe is
the common theme.
>>REGINA: Awe.
>>GEORGINA: Awe, and the need
to follow something greater
than themselves.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GEORGINA: And
sometimes that even--
now you're reminding
me-- sometimes that even
transmutes over to this life.
>>REGINA: How so?
>>GEORGINA: I am sure
you've noticed this.
There are some people who
have to be at the front,
and there's some people who
don't want to be at the front.
They're very good
second in commands,
but they don't want
to be up there.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GEORGINA: And in
business, quite often it's
the woman who's
behind, or used to be--
not anymore-- but behind the
scenes who would do that.
Now, I remember
one of my clients
when I was in the PR business.
One of my clients
was a guy who was--
everybody loved him.
Everybody liked him.
But he had a really
nasty man working for him
who every time he would
say yes, of course,
we will, this guy would
follow along a week later
and say no, we're
not going to do it.
So it's that type of
dichotomy that some people
need to be a follower,
whether they be kind about it
and help this person out
of a difficult situation,
or whether they be the bad
person that allows that person
to shine.
And that can show up
in your choice of lives
that you've had before
as well, I think.
Because we live in patterns.
>>REGINA: Right, exactly.
I saw one that was
interesting, one pattern
with a friend, a man.
And he had had some
regression work done, and also
a past life reading
through a reputable person.
And it showed a
pattern of military,
of being very powerful, very
strategic, but always second.
So he took the orders
from someone else,
and then he was given the
resources and the troops
and free reign to do
this over and over again.
To the point in this
lifetime of being
virtually incapable of knowing
how to survive in the world.
And I find that interesting
because if we've
had various patterns as
men, and patterns as women
available to us over the
course of many lifetimes,
and we kind of have gone
off in one direction,
and you find yourself
in the modern age,
you don't really have
any useful skill sets,
and oftentimes people feel lost.
>>GEORGINA: They feel lost
and they feel victimized,
and they're not sure why.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>GEORGINA: People
come into the clinic
and they say I've been sad
ever since I can remember.
I was born sad, you know.
Just I was sad, or I've
been feeling guilty
as long as I can remember.
Even as a child I felt
guilty about something.
So that is obviously past life.
And so we take that
as a nugget, and we
follow that back and ask
the soul for permission
to go back to the lives
and the patterns that
will lead us to understanding.
>>REGINA: That's a
big deal, breaking
those kind of gender-based
societal programs in all us,
and often feeling
like there's no way
to express who you
are in the world,
because that particular vehicle
isn't in mode of operation
right now.
>>GEORGINA: And we
also forget that we
didn't have conversation.
Conversation is
comparatively recent.
>>REGINA: Talk about that.
>>GEORGINA: Well, it's a
couple of hundred years
maybe, because before
that, you spoke
when you needed something.
I need food.
We need fire.
We need this.
Work.
It was the French Courts that
started that, that started
the art of conversation.
>>REGINA: And maybe the
Greek schools of philosophy
along the way, of course.
>>GEORGINA: But that's teaching.
>>REGINA: Yes, [INAUDIBLE]
teaching and dialogue.
>>GEORGINA: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: But in terms of
friendly conversation--
>>GEORGINA: Friendly
conversation.
Talking about--
>>REGINA: --banal conversation.
>>GEORGINA: There you go.
Yeah.
And the building
of relationships.
The whole building
of relationships
is comparatively recent.
When you think about
it, people got married
because it was convenient, or it
was necessary to bring families
together, or it was we needed
children to work the farm.
It was a contract.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>GEORGINA: It's only
comparatively recently
that we get to choose.
>>REGINA: That's right.
>>GEORGINA: And we don't choose
very well a lot of the time.
>>REGINA: Well, it's
like any adolescent, woo!
The world is your candy
shop because it's a new--
>>GEORGINA: That's right.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>GEORGINA: I can't tell
you how many clients
I have who come into
the clinic who say,
Georgina, why do I
always choose losers?
It must be a past life.
And I say, maybe, maybe not.
Maybe not.
What is a loser to you?
What makes a loser?
And why do you keep
going down that path?
Let's look at that.
Is it a past life?
Is it a pattern that
we need to break?
Or is it something you need
to recognize about yourself?
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>GEORGINA: Yeah.
>>REGINA: What about the
notion, because in a little bit
we're going to segue
over to your new book,
because I love regression--
I read that one, but we're
going to talk about the new one,
it's "You, Me, Relationship."
OK, so let's start
talking about soulmates,
because you dedicate
some space in your book
to the subject of
soulmates, which
is such a misused and
misunderstood concept.
>>GEORGINA: Yeah.
Soulmates are really people
who help the soul grow.
So they can be a
neighbor who's friendly,
or they can be a neighbor
who's irascible and nasty, so
that your soul learns to
manage that and maybe forgive
and allow.
Soulmates can be someone
you've known for 15 minutes.
They can be the
love of your life
that you live with forever.
Or they can be the teacher
that you had at school.
Anybody that helps
your soul grow,
anybody that helps you evolve
and get towards involvement
to the higher level of soul
growth, that's a soulmate.
When people come into
the clinic and they say,
I think I've met my soulmate.
I was at a party last night
and we just connected.
We clicked like we
were glued together.
We knew everything
about each other,
even though we've never
spoken to each other.
Part of me is going uh-oh.
>>REGINA: You're
in for some fun.
[LAUGHTER]
Some learning.
>>GEORGINA: This is--
yeah, this is fun,
and this is going
to be interesting as
to which part of
you is patterning
that you resonated with
that isn't necessarily good.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
I find that's
interesting when people
have that kind of
instant recognition
and everything's hot, and all
that right in the beginning.
To me, that's almost
like the come hither,
energetic call to come and learn
what you have to learn for now.
>>GEORGINA: Yes.
>>REGINA: And you talk about
this, too, in the book.
For now, you're learning--
Because we do have
expanded free choice
as a species in
most countries now,
in terms of who we're
going to marry, where we're
going to live, what
we're going to do,
and so forth, we're on a faster
track for learning, right?
>>GEORGINA: A definitely
faster track for learning.
And that's why it's so important
to learn about yourself first.
It's key that you know what's
important for you first.
>>REGINA: Well, and that's
where divorce actually serves.
>>GEORGINA: Only if it's
managed through knowledge.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GEORGINA: If it's
managed through viciousness
or managed through the lower
self, you don't learn anything.
>>REGINA: But in a
higher version of it
where you have come
in, this person
that you were hot for each
other and you go into it
and you mix it up and maybe
spend 20 years together, maybe
spend five years
together or one,
that you learn all you
feel that you have been
able to absorb from
that situation,
and consciously
choose to end that,
that is a path to expanding
the growth of your soul
in a rapid way in a sense.
>>GEORGINA: I would
suggest it's one path.
The other path might be to
learn to evolve and grow
differently together.
>>REGINA: That, too.
>>GEORGINA: Understanding
yourself and understanding
the values and priorities
of the excitement that make
that happen in the first place.
Because otherwise,
we're staying the same
as we did when we were a child.
>>REGINA: I know.
The problem always
there ends up,
one soul can choose to
progress and the other
can choose not to,
to refine itself
and to ask questions and grow.
And I think the problem often
comes when you don't have
a mutual growth experience.
>>GEORGINA: Level of-- yeah.
However, if you can live
through your values and through
your priorities, and work
through that division,
through the strength--
your best self--
then you emerge whole.
The other person may not,
but you emerge whole.
And that's the goal.
The goal is not to
depart fractured--
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>GEORGINA: --and splintered.
And so only the
usefulness of having
that option in
these times, to be
able to learn and learn again,
or learn again if you need to.
One thing we didn't
talk about but I
want to go back to before
we move on to "You,
Me, Relationship."
So what happens
when a woman decides
to terminate her pregnancy?
We need to look at that
through the lens of the soul,
because they've already
selected that particular body
or vehicle.
>>GEORGINA: Right.
The soul and the
mother have a contract.
Contract is a strong word, but
agreement, an understanding.
And the mother says, you
know, I'm 16 years old.
I do want you one day--
They don't say this consciously,
but the soul part of it says,
I do want to have you one day.
I can do it right now.
It's not in the best
interests of you or myself
to do it right now.
I'm sorry.
We're going to have to separate.
>>REGINA: So the body leaves.
>>GEORGINA: The body lets go.
>>REGINA: The body lets go.
But will that same soul
often come back when--
>>GEORGINA: Sometimes they do.
I have a colleague who works
with hypnosis for fertility.
And she talks directly to
the soul of the baby that's
refusing to come in.
>>REGINA: Yes, yes, uh-huh.
>>GEORGINA: And
sometimes this baby
will say, I'm not coming
in until you stop working
and make space for me.
Get a nursery ready.
Make space for me.
Or I'm not coming in until
you and my father settle this.
I'm not coming in.
And my colleague will
say to the client, what
is it that needs to be settled?
Well, he wants to
move here, or--
So they have to settle that.
And then the baby
chooses to come in.
It's magical.
It's extraordinary
work that she does.
>>REGINA: That's amazing.
>>GEORGINA: It is.
>>REGINA: So the soul will
make other accommodations.
>>GEORGINA: Yes.
>>REGINA: It will
make other choices.
That vehicle is no
longer available,
because the mother can't
take that on right now.
>>GEORGINA: Can't take
that on right now, and--
>>REGINA: It doesn't
hurt the soul.
>>GEORGINA: No.
Just go home.
>>REGINA: You just go
home, make another option,
or come back later.
>>GEORGINA: That's right.
>>REGINA: Right.
And I think that's important
for people to understand.
>>GEORGINA: It's like going
on a bus that breaks down.
You get off the bus and you go
home, or you get another bus.
>>REGINA: It sounds
rather mechanical,
but I believe that is the case.
>>GEORGINA: Yeah.
And it sounds a little
cold maybe, and harsh.
It's not how it's meant.
It's meant for understanding.
>>REGINA: Again,
if you're dancing
in the realm of the soul, the
rules are different anyway.
OK, let's talk about your newest
book, and the premise for it,
and all of that.
Why you wrote this book.
>>GEORGINA: OK.
Every relationship, you and
I, has an unspoken contract.
It's unsaid.
But we have expectations
of each other.
So whether it be you
and I, or whether it
be the cashier at
the supermarket,
or an in-law, or our
doctor, we have a contract,
and nobody talks about it.
So quite often, we feel let
down, we feel abandoned,
we feel disappointed,
because we don't know
what to expect from each other.
But we do have expectations.
We have expectations
of ourselves,
and we also let ourselves down.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GEORGINA: And what
happened is many years ago,
eight years ago
now, I had a client
who came into the
clinic, and he came in
because he just inherited
his family's business.
And with the family
business came
the bookkeeper, who he'd
known since he was four.
And she loved him, but she
loved him like a four-year-old.
>>REGINA: So she didn't
respect him as a man.
>>GEORGINA: Or a boss.
>>REGINA: Or a boss, obviously.
>>GEORGINA: Yeah.
So she'd taken a
snapshot of him,
but he'd also taken
a snapshot of her.
So he found himself
getting really angry.
So when he'd have
a staff meeting
and he'd suggest something,
she'd tap him on the shoulder,
say it's OK, dear, we're fine.
>>REGINA: [LAUGH]
>>GEORGINA: And he'd go
[EXPLOSION WITH HANDS],, right?
And then he'd apologize later.
And the following day, she'd
come in with cookies saying,
I'm sorry I upset you, dear.
And he slammed the
desk, and he said,
I don't want her damn cookies!
So I realized that what had
happened, that that moment,
what was that
contract, it clicked.
So from that time on,
I started this process.
And the contract, first
start with yourself,
is made up of your value
system, your priorities.
What do you absolutely need?
Bottom line, four or five
things that you absolutely
need in every relationship?
And I mean every relationship.
What do you want?
What's a nice to have?
And what are you
prepared to give?
>>REGINA: That's the part
that's often missing--
>>GEORGINA: Most
of it's missing.
>>REGINA: --in today's world.
>>GEORGINA: Yeah.
What are you prepared
to give to keep
this third circle,
this contract,
juicy, healthy, alive.
And what happens is it takes
it away from the you and me,
and it points it to
the relationship.
So that I'm not doing it to
you, I'm not betraying you,
I'm not being nasty to you.
I'm diminishing
the relationship.
And it works brilliantly
with teens and parents.
It works brilliantly
with couples
who are thinking
about separating,
because, as I said a little
earlier, if they separate,
then they separate whole because
they know now who they are,
and what their needs are,
what their wants are--
>>REGINA: That's healthy.
>>GEORGINA: --and what
they're prepared to give.
The other place it works
really well with people
having trouble with
in-laws, there's
expectation set up there.
And half the time,
the in-laws have
totally different
expectations of what
the daughter or son-in-law has.
If the son-in-law at all
has any expectations,
because quite a lot of the
time, they don't get involved.
They have to learn
to get involved,
because there's a
relationship there.
And that's really what
that third circle is.
That's what it's about.
And it's about learning how
to work with your siblings,
with the unloved
ones in your life,
because we all have those.
You know, Uncle Charlie always
pinches your bum or whatever.
You hate going to
family meetings,
and you do this before
you go to family meetings.
How do you manage that?
How do you live through
that and make it OK?
>>REGINA: Well, how do
you do that unilaterally?
>>GEORGINA: By
living your values.
By understanding who you
are, and what you are,
and what's important to you.
>>REGINA: Does that
necessarily tell you
the nature of the agreement
with you and the other person,
or does it simply
give you the tools
to manage the current
relationship better?
>>GEORGINA: It does both.
Because as we change, as we come
more comfortable in our skin,
other people change around us.
They don't even realize
they're doing it.
Does it work all the time?
No.
But it works about
80% of the time.
>>REGINA: And some
of these agreements
may not be from this lifetime.
>>GEORGINA: That's totally it.
Absolutely.
So if these
agreements that we've
come in with to be a
victim, for instance, and we
keep choosing people
who are "losers,"
then let's look at
what we can do today
so that we don't have
to come in again,
so we can repair it
in this lifetime.
>>REGINA: Well, if you,
out of self-defense,
maybe poisoned that person
your last time around together,
there's going to be a loaded--
And this stuff happens.
>>GEORGINA: Yes,
of course it does.
>>REGINA: This is going to
be a loaded relationship.
OK, let's go back
to the patronizing
bookkeeper and
the man who is now
the boss, and that situation.
How did they work through that?
What came of it?
>>GEORGINA: Well, what
happened with him first
is that we worked through
this process with him first.
And I helped him understand that
he'd taken a snapshot of her,
as she had of him.
So how is he going to use his
best self and his kindness?
He is a man who believes
so strongly in integrity,
how is he going to
use that part of him
to help her bring her
snapshot up to date?
And I did that with my
sister, because my sister
and I had snapshots
of each other.
And we talked about this, and
we brought our snapshots up
to date.
>>REGINA: I think
that's a really good--
it's a really good
process to go through.
>>GEORGINA: It's extraordinary,
simple, but very effective.
>>REGINA: And so the book
is about the process.
>>GEORGINA: About the process.
I hand-hold people
through the process.
So it starts with
you, and then it
starts with the love in your
life, your current person,
if you have one.
And your ex has a
whole chapter on how
to work this process
with your ex.
And there are different charts
that you can work through.
So I hand-hold you through
it so you make growth.
So your ex, your siblings,
your boss, your employee,
the professionals in your
life, the people you pay.
And the top line of that is
they are not your friend.
Your personal trainer
may be friendly,
your hairdresser
but they are not your friend.
Because the minute
you stop paying them--
>>REGINA: Everything changes.
>>GEORGINA:
--everything changes.
So the basic premise goes all
the way through the chapters.
But the interpretation of
it, and the different charts
that you're given
to work through
are different with
every chapter.
For instance, if
you have a sibling
that you're no longer talking
to, using your best self,
you decide you want-- for
the purpose of the children,
or even for yourself--
you want a relationship
with that person.
It may never be like
this [HANDS TOGETHER],,
but at least you can
have it like this.
So this is the chart.
This is what I
would like it to be.
This is what I would like to
feel when I'm with this person.
You write it down.
This is what I will like
to do with this person.
And then so this is what
I'm going to do about it.
In one month time,
this is the result--
boom, boom, boom.
Two months' time, six months'
time, and a year's time.
So you're making a
plan to make change,
and you're taking total
responsibility for it
through your value system
and your priority system.
>>REGINA: And so are
people are usually
able to affect the
change they wish,
even if the other person
is not privy to the process
or anything?
>>GEORGINA: 80% of the time.
>>REGINA: 80%.
That's pretty darn useful work.
>>GEORGINA: It's
very useful work.
And I jokingly
say to my clients,
even aspirin only
works 80% of the time.
>>REGINA: Yes, that's true.
Well, and on that
note, I just also
wanted to bring up that in
the back of the other book,
the previous book that
we were speaking about,
you have a really beautiful
meditation at the end.
And you recommend-- and this,
I think, is really important.
For people who write
meditation books,
it's really important
that, as you said in there,
you record this for
yourself, or have someone
that has a lovely voice
record it for you,
so that you can go
through the process.
You can't read yourself
through a meditation.
>>GEORGINA: Right.
You have to trust that person.
>>REGINA: And so
what kind of feedback
have you gotten
from this meditation
at the back of the book?
>>GEORGINA: Oh,
things as grand as it
changed my life, because I
never thought I could meditate
and now I find I can.
To I got halfway through and
I suddenly brought myself out
of it because I just had a
recognition what I need to do.
All the way down to, it puts
me to sleep every night,
is that OK?
[LAUGH]
>>REGINA: Of course it's OK.
You're getting it
subconscious anyway.
>>GEORGINA: Of course it's OK.
It's all OK.
>>REGINA: Any final thoughts
on this kind of patterning,
the beauty of
regression work, and all
the way up through "You,
Me, and Relationship?"
>>GEORGINA: Yes.
Yes.
I am intent on helping people
find their magnificence.
We are so much
more than we seem.
>>REGINA: Yes, indeed.
>>GEORGINA: And I
will do anything
in my powers and
abilities to help
you find your magnificence.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And you do a
beautiful job of it.
So I just want, on
that note, I want
to thank you for bringing
both of the books forward.
I'm sorry I only had a
chance to read one of them,
but I'm really glad we had a
chance to share a little bit.
>>GEORGINA: Thank you.
>>REGINA: It sounds
incredibly useful.
So thank you so
much for joining us.
>>GEORGINA: Thank you.
>>REGINA: I find this
topic incredibly useful,
and you can continue the
journey by picking up
a copy of Georgina's
book, "Return Again,"
and using the
meditation in there.
Also the book, "The
Third Circle Protocol"
we just spoke about, both
available at major booksellers.
You can also connect with
her via Georginacannon.com.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."